Edit release notes checklist in PR template (#14018)
trinodb/trino: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Mark the appropriate option with an (x). Propose a release note if you can. -->
## Release notes

> ( ) This is not user-visible or docs only and no release notes are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The change is not user-visible, or is docs only change, and no release notes are required.
```

?

Reviewer 2: or affects documentation only

## Release notes

( ) This is not user-visible and no release notes are required.

> ( ) This is a docs change and no release notes are required.

Reviewer: Don't add more bullet points. Just reword the first one.
